IBX-3778: Added posibility to set order of default filters (#1787)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/pim/pim_configuration.md

                        - product_code
                        - product_availability
```

> The order of filters in this configuration also defines the order in which they are displayed in the Back Office.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order of filters in this configuration reflects the order in which they are displayed in the Back Office.
```
